#PODNAME: App::Natas
#VERSION
#ABSTRACT: solve some of the Natas server-side security war games

__END__

=pod

=encoding utf-8

=head1 NAME

App::Natas - solve some of the Natas server-side security war games

=head1 VERSION

version 0.001

=head1 DESCRIPTION

L<overthewire.org|http://www.overthewire.org/wargames/> has a series of war games.
Natas is the server-side security challenge.

This package contains some scripts to automate solving some of the tedious levels,
and documents walking you through all levels up to #17.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item * L<natas15>

Level 15 requires you to do blind SQL injection.

=item * L<natas16>

Level 16 requires you to do blind shell injection.

=item * L<https://hashbang.ca/tag/natas>

=item * L<http://overthewire.org>

=back

=head1 AVAILABILITY

The latest version of this module is available from the Comprehensive Perl
Archive Network (CPAN). Visit L<http://www.perl.com/CPAN/> to find a CPAN
site near you, or see L<https://metacpan.org/module/App::Natas/>.

=head1 SOURCE

The development version is on github at L<http://github.com/doherty/natas-walkthrough>
and may be cloned from L<git://github.com/doherty/natas-walkthrough.git>

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

You can make new bug reports, and view existing ones, through the
web interface at L<https://github.com/doherty/natas-walkthrough/issues>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Mike Doherty <doherty@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by Mike Doherty.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
